Thanks Vicki. As Vicki highlighted, we are pleased to have continued repurchasing shares, allowing us to return $900 million of cash to shareholders during the fourth quarter and over $3.6 billion in 2018 including our dividend.

On slide 10, I'd like to start with our earnings which improved across all segments year-over-year. For the fourth quarter we had core earnings of $1.22 per diluted share and reported earnings of $0.93 per diluted share. The difference between reported and core income is attributable to an impairment charge of $220 million which was driven by lower oil prices.

Earnings also included a net tax benefit of $224 million, which significantly decreased our fourth quarter effective tax rate and it consisted of $100 million for additional EOR tax credits and tax credits related to U.S. export sales; $99 million for releasing a foreign withholding tax accrual; and $25 million for changes related to the 2017 Tax Reform Act.

Oil and gas core income decreased in the fourth quarter compared to the prior quarter, reflecting lower oil and NGL prices as realized prices declined by 10% and 23% respectively from the third quarter. Fourth quarter oil and gas results included a non-cash mark-to-market change related to our CO2 purchase contracts, as well as higher operating and DD&A expenses in Qatar as a result of the ISND contract expiration later this year.

Total fourth quarter reported production of 700,000 BOEs per day was above the midpoint of our guidance, due to the continued best-in-class execution and well productivity in the Permian Resources, which resulted in 250,000 BOEs per day during the quarter at the top end of the guidance range and represents an exit to exit increase of over 57%.

Total international production of 290,000 BOEs per day was up slightly lower than guidance primarily due to the oil price adjustment in our production sharing contracts in Oman. The contracts utilize pricing mechanism with a two-month delay which resulted in a higher realized price and lower production for Oman in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter international production was also impacted by weather and accelerated maintenance.

OxyChem continues to perform strongly reporting its highest fourth quarter pre-tax income ever of $223 million, above guidance of $220 million. Earnings decreased from the third quarter, primarily due to expected seasonality and end market demand for core vinyl products as well as lower realized caustic soda pricing and higher natural gas and ethylene costs.

Our midstream business reported record core fourth quarter earnings of $670 million, which exceeded the high-end of our guidance, due to positive mark-to-market movements and a higher-than-expected Midland to MEH differential. Compared the prior quarter fourth quarter earnings reflected lower marketing margins due to a decrease in the Midland to MEH differential from $16.67 to $15.31 and lower pipeline income from the sale of the Centurion Pipeline in the prior quarter.

Fourth quarter revenue and cost of sales were both grossed up by $340 million due to the accounting treatment of certain Midstream contracts where we've used our excess takeaway capacity from the Permian to purchase and resale third-party barrels. The third quarter gross-up amount was $327 million.

Operating cash flow before working capital for the fourth quarter was $1.9 billion, which covered our capital expenditures of $1.3 billion and dividends of $594 million. Our total year-end capital spend came in just under our planned spend amount of $5 billion.

Slide 11 details, our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2019. As Vicki mentioned, we will pursue high-return reinvestment opportunities in 2019 that will be funded by a total capital budget of $4.5 billion, which will result in annual production growth of 9% to 11%. We are reducing capital spending year-over-year and due to technical and operational advances, we are still able to deliver significant cash flow growth.

As we advance into 2019, our balance sheet remains strong and we have ample liquidity available to complete our share repurchase program. We ended 2018 with over $3 billion in cash and still hold PAGP units with a market value of approximately $700 million.

I'll now turn the call over to Jeff.

