Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's fourth quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President International Oil and Gas Operations; and BJ Hebert, President of OxyChem. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki.

As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements, as more fully described in our cautionary statement, regarding forward-looking statements on slide 2.

Our earnings press release, the investor relations supplemental schedules, and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com.

I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.

Thank you, Cedric. 2018 was an outstanding year for our combined Permian business as we improved the value of our conventional and unconventional assets through our value-based development approach. We're able to add high margin barrels and generate great returns on our investments. We replaced 216% of our production with new reserves through industry-leading performance and successful appraisal. Combined total year production per Permian Resources and Permian EOR grew 77,000 BOEs per day compared to 2017, and exceeded 400,000 BOEs per day in the fourth quarter.

We lowered Permian operating cost 9% by utilizing advanced data analytics on our artificial lift, implementing new water recycling technology, and improving maintenance efficiency across the Permian.

Permian Resources has a simple model that I love called 'leave no doubt' which refers to our relentless pursuit of generating the best returns in the industry. In 2018, we made tremendous progress toward achieving this principle as we increased our total production 52% and exceeded our initial 2018 guidance by 12,000 BOEs per day.

Our subsurface characterization improvements have driven breakthroughs at an accelerated pace. By integrating advancements in geoscience with our 12,000 square miles of 3D seismic and subsurface characterization models, we are rapidly achieving step change improvements in well design and placement.

In 2018, we improved our average six-month cumulative production by 25% compared to 2017. Over the last 12 months OXY has delivered 40% of the top 50 horizontal wells in the basin which is the most for any operator while only drilling 5% of the total wells over the same time period.

On the capital efficiency front our operational improvement initiatives continue to drive efficiency, compressed time-to-market, and lower full cycle cost. In 2018, we increased our fee drilled per day by 19% and we drilled record 15-day 10,000-foot wells measured rig release-to-rig release in both our Mexico and Texas Delaware areas.

On a base management front, our investments and operability and surveillance are transforming how we optimize our base as demonstrated by our 10% reduction in operating cost per barrel in 2018.

In addition to efficiency improvements, we're also achieving major advancements in artificial lift optimization and well enhancements to lower the base decline rate. The rate of progress in Permian Resources is extraordinary and will lead us to exceed to 600,000 BOEs per day for this business alone within the next five years.

Our Permian EOR business also had a great year. We continued the integration of the Seminole-San Andres unit and have now lowered OpEx by $8 per BOE since we took over operations in September of 2017.

We start injection on new grassroots CO2 flood at the West Sundown unit which start injection four months earlier than planned and will achieve a development cost of under $6 per BOE.

Permian EOR continues to provide a low decline cash flow and high returns for our shareholders. We're excited about the critical role it will play in our long-term business sustainability strategy, especially as we leverage our position and expertise to reduce our carbon footprint.

Slide 14 provides more detail on the 2019 capital program. Permian Resources will comprise $2.6 billion of our $4.5 billion total capital budget in 2019. We will utilize approximately 12 operated rigs and one to two non-operated rigs with development focus on our core areas.

We plan to operate six to seven rigs in New Mexico which will primarily develop the high return Bone Springs and Wolfcamp formations. We will continue development in areas proved to be highly prolific in 2018 and plan to allocate activity to the tanks area of Greater Sand Dunes in the second half of the year.

The appraisal results from tanks area have been outstanding, the three wells online in 2018 averaging over 3,000 BOEs per day per well for 30 days. In Texas, Delaware, we'll operate five to six rigs primarily developing the Wolfcamp A and Hoban formations. The tapered well design we implemented in the second half of 2018 to significantly improve the returns of our new wells and we expect to see continued improvement through 2019.

Overall our capital program for 2019 will generate significant value for our shareholders and result in 30% to 35% annual production growth. We will also be advancing the commercialization of unconventional EOR development and expect to share more information on results later in the year.

As you can see, 2018 was an exceptional year for our Permian businesses. We saw well productivity records, significantly lowered operating cost, and realized breakthroughs with data analytics and subsurface characterization that improves the returns from our assets. 2018 may seem like a hard year to beat, but the organization is more energized and capable than ever and I'm sure we will leave no doubt in 2019.

I'll now turn the call over to Ken to discuss international.
