Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. Today I'll begin our fourth quarter results followed by our 2018 achievements, a plan for the year ahead and an overview of the benefits of our integrated business model. The fourth quarter of 2018 wrapped up a successful year for Oxy both financially and operationally. We returned $900 million to shareholders in the quarter through a combination of dividend and share repurchases.

Our continued focus on increasing returns for our shareholders was achieved due to outstanding performance from all three of our businesses in a changing market condition. Despite WTI falling below $43 a barrel in the quarter, we posted core earnings per share of $1.22 and generated the highest semiannual level of operating cash flow since 2014, making the second half of 2018 our strongest six-month period since our portfolio optimization.

Permian cash operating cost were the lowest this decade, driven by the long-term high-return investments that we're making such as in facilities and infrastructure. We operate our assets with a full lifecycle view. Our investments will continue to provide payback in the form of lower cost as our production base expands. OxyChem and our Midstream business both achieved record fourth quarter earnings as a result of our integrated business model, which enables us to take full advantage of market conditions such as delivering higher realizations from our Permian take away position.

In 2018, we grew cash flow to a level that exceeded both capital expenditures and our dividend, a key achievement we have been working toward since completing our portfolio optimization. Organic cash flow growth was driven by prioritizing the allocation of capital to opportunities that generate the highest full cycle returns. We are pursuing cash flow growth with two key objectives in mind, first and foremost to generate a higher return on capital; and second to return an increasing level of excess cash to shareholders.

In 2018, we returned more than $3.6 billion to shareholders through our sector-leading dividend and $1.3 billion of share repurchases under our $2 billion-plus share repurchase program. We intend to complete the remainder of the share repurchase program in 2019. We remain committed to returning capital to shareholders through a balanced combination of dividends and share repurchases as we've done for a long time. Since 2002, we've increased our dividend each consecutive year and we've returned $33 billion to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases. That's about 70% of our current market capitalization.

Almost 50% of this was returned in the last five years, a time period which included one of the worst downturns our industry has ever experienced. Through this downturn we also maintained our strong balance sheet and A-level credit ratings. Our focus on investing in our high-quality assets delivered a 2018 return on capital employed of 14% and cash return on capital employed at 27%, both significantly higher than 2017 and our per quartile performance versus our performance peer group.

These achievements reflect our commitment to our value proposition, the strength of our integrated business model and the high quality of our assets. We made notable productivity and efficiency gains across all three business segments in 2018. The investments that OxyChem and our Midstream business completed in recent years paid off in 2018 as both segments optimized cash flow and delivered record earnings.

Our Permian business continued to outperform with Permian Resources delivering an impressive 52% production growth and Permian EOR exceeding cost reduction targets for the acquired Seminole CO2 field. Our international business generated $1.4 billion in free cash flow in 2018 and has enormous potential to grow cash flow going forward. On our last call Ken provided details of our new international opportunities. Now we're pleased to have been awarded a new block in Abu Dhabi that Ken will describe in a few minutes.

This new Abu Dhabi block along with six in Colombia and three in Oman, make 10 new blocks added in the last year. These new international opportunities will add significant high-return low-decline development inventory to our portfolio. At the same time, it's worth highlighting that these will require only a modest investment in the short-term.

One of our key competitive advantages is our ability to develop assets in a way that efficiently maximizes all production recovery and generate significant cash flow growth over the next decades. For the last three years, we've achieved all-in reserve replacement ratios exceeding 160% companywide. The 2018 reserve replacement ratio of 164% is due to the excellent technical work our teams have completed in enhancing subsurface characterization across our portfolio and building customized development plans.

Our momentum has continued into 2019 as our business segments continue to invest in high-return opportunities. Last month we discussed various capital budgets through three different pricing scenarios, but we've decided to limit our full capital spend in 2019 to $4.5 billion. This represents a $500 million or a full 10% reduction from 2018. By maximizing efficiencies, we are reducing spending to adjust to a lower oil price environment.

As activity is adjusted to make full year capital spending of $4.5 billion, we expect spending to be higher in the first half of the year. In creating our capital budget to realize the highest returns, Permian Resources shale production will become a larger portion of our total oil and gas production. We expect this will increase our oil and gas base decline to 20% in 2019. As we continue to invest in the Permian, we will advance our appraisal in the short cycle low decline development opportunities in our new international blocks to prepare them for growth.

Our 2019 capital program is dominated by short-cycle investments, the majority of which we’ll pay back within two years at $50 WTI. We will continue to be conservative and if necessary, within six months we can reduce capital spending to sustainable levels, meaning that OXY remains flexible throughout the commodity cycle. We will grow oil and gas production by 9% to 11% in 2019 to replace the cash flow from Qatar in 2020, but our long-term annual growth rate forecast remains at 5% to 8-plus-percent.

Cash flow growth is an inherent driver in generating a high return off-capital and a higher return on-capital. Our 2022 roadmap details the projects we will prioritize and execute over the next few years, in order to grow cash flow from operations to $9 billion in 2022.

While Permian Resources will continue to be the main driver of growth through 2022, our international business will also grow in terms of both cash flow and production. In addition to having many high return short cycle opportunities, we also continue to benefit from the stable sustainable cash flow generated by OxyChem, Midstream and Dolphin.

Even with a lower activity level and a significantly reduced capital budget for 2019, we still remain on track to achieve the low end of the 2022 cash flow range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion that we communicated in our third quarter call. As you will have noticed based on our expectations for the WTI spread we’ve updated our Brent price assumption for 2020 onwards and this will have minimal impact based on our production sharing contracts.

To be conservative, we modeled OxyChem and midstream cash flow at the low end of the previous range and our projection of $9 billion in cash flow by 2022 does not include significant upside from several additional projects that we're currently evaluating. We'll provide updates on these projects as we advance.

This morning Cedric will take you through our financial results and updated guidance; and Jeff will detail the continuous improvements we are creating in the Permian. Ken will then provide an update on our new opportunities in our international business.

I'll now hand the call over to Cedric.

Thank you, Ken. Before we go to Q&A, I'd like to emphasize that we believe the strongest oil and gas companies of the future will be those that have a shareholder-focused value proposition and our structure and sustainability to withstand the oil price cycles, while also maintaining a social license to operate in the world in general and operate in a low carbon world.

Our value proposition will continue to deliver a growing dividend in the upper quartile or maybe best-in-class returns to our shareholders, while also growing oil and gas production 5% to 8-plus-percent annually. Unlike many companies in our sector, we delivered this through one of the longest downturns our industry has faced.

Our company is primarily an upstream oil and gas company with integrated midstream and chemicals business, so that adds significant value and provides important support during low oil price cycles.

The diversification of our upstream oil and gas business also provides strength in periods of low oil price along with substantial upside in higher oil price cycles. This upside is made possible by our short-cycle, high-return, unconventional assets in the Permian, along with a new conventional opportunities that we just picked up in Oman, Colombia and Abu Dhabi.

Our strength in the low price environment bolstered by our very low decline enhanced oil recovery projects in the Permian, Oman and Colombia. I'm specifically referring to our CO2 and water plugs in the Permian, our water plugs in northern Oman, our steamflood in Mukhaizna which happens to be one of the largest steamfloods in the world and our new TECA steamflood in Colombia.

Our production sharing contracts and our road to decline gas projects in offer and Al Hosn also provides significant support in low oil price cycles. I believe there is no other oil company’s in the oil gas industry that has this blend of high-quality, focused oil and gas projects that provides this diversity. This is why we can continue to deliver our value proposition.

Not only do we have a great blend of assets with the addition of our new blocks, we have incredible inventory of development opportunities. Over the past few years, we've replaced our production with new reserves at a ratio of greater than 160%.

With the inventory we now have, we expect to achieve that replacement ratio for the foreseeable future. This ensures the sustainability of our value proposition. With respect to our social license to operate, our commitment is to manage our business in a way that improves the quality of life for our employees, contractors and the communities where we operate, while also minimizing the potential impacts of our operations.

Our employees are the lifeblood of our company. They are the drivers of our success and as such, we are committed to their continued development and helping them address the challenges of work/life balance.

Many people refer to this as human capital management, but I don't. These are our people, the OXY family not just capital. It's personal to us. We want their lives to be the best that they can be at home and at work. This will enable them to be engaged and ready to deliver the best possible value to our shareholders as they have done in a significant way during this downturn.

And in the areas where we operate, we want to ensure that we have a positive impact and can find ways that improve the quality of life in the community. Lastly, but equally as important is our commitment to use our unique skills and assets to lead carbon capture use in sequestration or CCUS, starting in the United States and ultimately in other parts of the world. Along with many other initiatives, CCUS is necessary to limit the impact of climate change.

With our CO2 Enhanced Oil Recovery expertise and projects in the Permian, we believe we can lead the effort to capture current CO2 emissions from industrial sources to use in sequester in our Permian reservoirs. This will benefit the climate and our shareholders. As we have previously mentioned, we now have a low carbon team whose mission is to seek opportunities to innovatively reduce our carbon footprint in ways that also improve our operations and thus are expandable and sustainable.

Our comprehensive strategy addresses all the factors that make a company great and sustainable. I believe this has built us into our next-generation company that is uniquely positioned to excel in our changing world.

